c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\QLTV.exe
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\QLTV.pdb
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v16.1.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.xml
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.xml
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.xml
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.xml
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.xml
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v16.1.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\obj\Debug\QLTV.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\obj\Debug\QLTV.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\obj\Debug\QLTV.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\obj\Debug\QLTV.exe.licenses
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\obj\Debug\QLTV.exe
c:\users\thanhhuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\obj\Debug\QLTV.pdb
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\obj\Debug\QLTV.Main.resources
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.1.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.1.xml
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraNavBar.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v16.1.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v16.1.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.xml
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.xml
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v16.1.xml
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.xml
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.xml
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v16.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraRichEdit.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v16.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\obj\Debug\QLTV.uDSDauSach.resources
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\obj\Debug\QLTV.uDSDocGia.resources
C:\Users\ThanhHuong\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\QLTV\QLTV\obj\Debug\QLTV.Login.resources
